Approve worklow button (#33)
nathanaelhoun/mattermost-plugin-circleci: README.md

    -   You may add it to the orb as a parameter, but this is discouraged as it should be treated like a secret
    -   You should add it as a Environment Variable named `MM_WEBHOOK`, through the [CircleCI UI](https://circleci.com/docs/2.0/env-vars/#setting-an-environment-variable-in-a-project) or using the plugin: `/circleci project env add MM_WEBHOOK <webhook-url>`

### Approve a workflow from Mattermost

> You receive add notifications for [holded workflows](https://circleci.com/docs/2.0/workflows/#holding-a-workflow-for-a-manual-approval) and approved them directly from your Mattermost channel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can receive add notifications for [held workflows](https://circleci.com/docs/2.0/workflows/#holding-a-workflow-for-a-manual-approval) and approve them directly from your Mattermost channel.
```

> Learn how to set up a holded workflow notification in [our Orb documentation](https://circleci.com/developer/orbs/orb/nathanaelhoun/mattermost-plugin-notify#jobs-approval-notification).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn how to set up a held workflow notification in [our Orb documentation](https://circleci.com/developer/orbs/orb/nathanaelhoun/mattermost-plugin-notify#jobs-approval-notification).
```
